well Israel has intensified its
bombardment of Central and Southern Gaza
Rafa has been hit hard by Israeli
strikes residents have been searching
through Rubble for survivors their alala
and Khan units have also been shelled
injured Palestinians in the bodies of
the Dead have been brought to the Abu
yusf al- nja Hospital in Rafa a
2-year-old child was among three people
killed when the house was bombed more
than 22,000 people have been killed in
Gaza since the start of the Israeli
offensive on October the 7th well for
more on all of this honey mmud joins us
live from Rafa in southern Gaza and uh
the red cresant building has also been
hit yet again more displaced civilians
that were Sheltering there have been
killed
Hy yes well contrary to the speculation
that situations could have Des escalated
as of the sou turn turn of unexpected
turn of events in Lebanon when a Hamas
up leader is assassinated uh the things
on the ground are are completely
different in fact they're only getting
more devastating and and more aggressive
we're seeing uh the the distraction
overnight of what happened in Lebanon
was more of Relentless attacks in the
central uh part and and the City of Khan
unit the Israeli military just stepped
up attacks on these two areas more
residential homes being targeted and
destroyed in refugee camps that includes
a n refugee camps where a group of
residential uh homes were destroyed so
far these really the air strikes
destroyed five of these residential
Towers those are at the Eastern side of
aat refugee camp number two that's close
to Salah Road and uh in in fact there
are hundreds of people who uh used who
resided on those buildings and now just
uh find themselves in the in the in the
out with no shelters and are are pushed
to go to D balah City and and some of
them whom we were able to speak with
within the past couple hours who made
their way to RAF City describe the the
horror of of those Relentless air
strikes in fact some of them were able
uh to to leave only just minutes away
from the beginning of the the
concentrated attacks on these
residential homes but those who went to
DAR bah City found themselves under
artillery shells as well as the more of
massive air strikes city was designated
as a safe area for displ palestinia they
were told to leave the central part and
go to uh Dar B but found them themselves
under these heavy uh bombardments and
some of them were killed within hours of
their arrival so far the reports of at
least five people reported to alaka
hospital
killed vast majority of children and we
talk about also a a t of other injuries
who are still in the targeted areas it's
becoming increasingly difficult nowadays
for paramedics and ambulance to reach
those targeted areas and try to uh give
the help and and pull injuries from
those areas similar situations are
taking place in kanun particularly the
southern part of kanun at the edge of RA
City where a residential home was also
targeted and destroyed the reports about
three people killed from one family
displaced Palestinians in that
residential homes across the Gaza Strip
the the situations are getting very uh
very complicated in each passing hour
not only we're talking about ongoing
bombardment but also in further
increasing of the difficult living
conditions of uh hundred of thousand of
displaced Palestinians thanks honey
honey mmud for us there in rafen
southern Gaza